Support load conf for min/max transformation. (#473)
awslabs/graphstorm: docs/source/configuration/configuration-gconstruction.rst

* **HuggingFace tokenizer transformation** tokenizes text strings with a HuggingFace tokenizer. The ``name`` field in the feature transformation dictionary is ``tokenize_hf``. The dict should contain two additional fields. ``bert_model`` specifies the LM model used for tokenization. Users can choose any `HuggingFace LM models <https://huggingface.co/models>`_ from one of the following types: ``"bert", "roberta", "albert", "camembert", "ernie", "ibert", "luke", "mega", "mpnet", "nezha", "qdqbert","roc_bert"``. ``max_seq_length`` specifies the maximal sequence length.
* **HuggingFace LM transformation** encodes text strings with a HuggingFace LM model.  The ``name`` field in the feature transformation dictionary is ``bert_hf``. The dict should contain two additional fields. ``bert_model`` specifies the LM model used for embedding text. Users can choose any `HuggingFace LM models <https://huggingface.co/models>`_ from one of the following types: ``"bert", "roberta", "albert", "camembert", "ernie", "ibert", "luke", "mega", "mpnet", "nezha", "qdqbert","roc_bert"``. ``max_seq_length`` specifies the maximal sequence length.

> * **Numerical MAX_MIN transformation** normalizes numerical input features with `val = (val-min)/(max-min)`, where `val` is the feature value, `max` is the maximum number in the feature and `min` is the minimum number in the feature. The ``name`` field in the feature transformation dictionary is ``max_min_norm``. The dict can contains four optional fields. ``max_bound`` specifies the maximum value allowed in the feature. Any number larger than ``max_bound`` will be set to ``max_bound``. Here, `max` = min(np.amax(feats), ``max_bound``). ``min_bound`` specifies the minimum value allowed in the feature. Any number smaller than ``min_bound`` will be set to ``min_bound``. Here, `min` = max(np.amin(feats), ``min_bound``). ``max_val`` defines the `max` in the transformation formular. When ``max_val`` is provided, `max` always equal to ``max_val``. ``min_val`` defines the `min` in the transformation formular.  When ``min_val`` is provided, `min` always equal to ``min_val``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Numerical MAX_MIN transformation** normalizes numerical input features with `val = (val-min)/(max-min)`, where `val` is the feature value, `max` is the maximum number in the feature and `min` is the minimum number in the feature. The ``name`` field in the feature transformation dictionary is ``max_min_norm``. The dict can contain four optional fields: ``max_bound``, ``min_bound``, ``max_val`` and ``min_val``. ``max_bound`` specifies the maximum value allowed in the feature. Any number larger than ``max_bound`` will be set to ``max_bound``. Here, `max` = min(np.amax(feats), ``max_bound``). ``min_bound`` specifies the minimum value allowed in the feature. Any number smaller than ``min_bound`` will be set to ``min_bound``. Here, `min` = max(np.amin(feats), ``min_bound``). ``max_val`` defines the `max` in the transformation formula. When ``max_val`` is provided, `max` is always equal to ``max_val``. ``min_val`` defines the `min` in the transformation formula.  When ``min_val`` is provided, `min` is always equal to ``min_val``. ``max_val`` and ``min_val`` are mainly used in the inference stage, where we want to use the max & min values computed in the training stage to normalize inference data.
```
